Step 1: Set Up the Angular Project

1. Create a new Angular project using the Angular CLI:

ng new book-management-system

2. Navigate to the project directory:

cd book-management-system

Step 2: Create a Book Model

1. Create a models folder inside the src/app directory

2. Inside the models folder, create a file named book.model.ts

3. Define an interface for a book with the following properties:

id: number
title: string
author: string

Step 3: Create the Book Component

Generate a new component named book:

ng generate component book

Step 4: Design the Book Form

1. Inside the book.component.html, create a form with fields for the title and author.

2. Use Angular's two-way data binding to bind the form fields to properties in your component's class.

3. Add a button that will be used to add the book. Label it "Add Book".

Step 5: Storing Books in LocalStorage

Inside book.component.ts, create methods to:

1) Add a book to local storage.

2) Retrieve all books from local storage

3) Delete a book from local storage.

Hint: You can use JSON.stringify() and JSON.parse() to store and retrieve objects in local storage.

Step 6: Displaying the Book List

1. Below the form in book.component.html, create a table or list to display the books retrieved from local storage.

2. Use the *ngFor directive to iterate over the books and display them.

3. Next to each book, add a delete button to remove the book.

Step 7: Implementing Add and Delete Functionality

1. In the book.component.ts:

- When the "Add Book" button is clicked, call the method to add the book to local storage.

- Generate a unique id for each book, this will help in the deletion process.

- Refresh the displayed book list after a new book is added or an existing one is deleted.

2. For the delete button next to each book:

- Pass the unique id of the book to be deleted.

- Call the method to delete the book from local storage.

- Refresh the displayed book list.

Run your application using the command: ng serve

Add and delete books, and make sure they're being stored and retrieved correctly from local storage.
